Moved user and group management commands from edx-platform to edx-django-utils (#146)
edx/edx-django-utils: docs/decisions/0005-user-and-group-management-commands.rst

User and Group Management Commands
===============================

Context
-------

> Open edX administrators ocassionally need to grant permissions to users for certain django services (e.g. ecommerce, registrar). Right now, this is done manually via django admin of the django app. This method of granting permissions is not endorsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open edX administrators ocassionally need to grant permissions to staff users for certain django services (e.g. ecommerce, registrar). Right now, this is done manually via django admin of the django service. This method of granting permissions is not endorsed, since it is difficult review, audit, and track changes to user access over time.
```

Some suggested additional detail.

> The user and group management commands in edx-platform, are supposedly generic enough to be used via a common library/app (such as edx-django-utils) so that users and groups can be managed without much modification to IDAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edx-platform, however, defines ``manage_user`` and ``manage_group`` management commands, which allow users to be managed via an external system (such as one, for example, that defines permissions declaratively in version-controlled YAML). These user and group management commands are supposedly generic enough to be used via a common library/app (such as edx-django-utils) so that this users and group management scheme can be brought to other IDAs.
```

Suggested additional context

Decision
--------

> User and group management commands should be moved to edx-django-utils from edx-platform and ``edx_django_utils`` should be added to ``INSTALLED_APPS`` section of all django apps so that the user and group management commands are available to the apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User and group management commands should be moved to edx-django-utils from edx-platform and ``edx_django_utils`` should be added to ``INSTALLED_APPS`` section of all django services so that the user and group management commands are available to the services.
```
I recommend saying "services" here, since Django "apps" generally refers to the dozen or so individual apps that make up each IDA.

The original idea for this decision came from an `edx.org private discussion on app permissions`_.

> .. _`edx.org private discussion on app permissions`: https://github.com/edx/app-permissions/pull/1454/files#diff-ab850bbacf01a93fe03d0d87d0ed5d2db2f1e1d1d27c7057eb556e63b084c4e7R7-R48

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`edx.org private discussion on app permissions`: https://github.com/edx/app-permissions/blob/master/docs/known-issues.md#it-only-works-on-edxapp
```
why not link directly to the document instead of the pull request?

> User and group management commands should be moved to edx-django-utils from edx-platform and ``edx_django_utils.user`` should be added to ``INSTALLED_APPS`` section of all django services so that the user and group management commands are available to the services.

Reviewer 2: Whether you choose to duplicate or move part of this, the installed apps help text should be in the user README.

Author: Done.
